added html hello-world (#3)
zachflower/hello-worlds: HTML/README.md

Reviewer: in following with the conventions of the other directories, make the directory lowercase `html/`

# HTML

An implementation of `hello, world` in HTML programming language.

## Usage

```sh
HTML5 helloAll.html

> ```

Reviewer: This isn't really how you load an HTML page. I would suggest a browser screenshot, with a high-level "open it in your default browser" directive

> # html

Reviewer: Please capitalize HTML

> An implementation of `hello, world` in html programming language.

Reviewer: Same, re: capitalizing HTML

## Dependencies

- make
- gcc

## Compilation

```sh
make hello
```

## Usage

```sh
./hello

> ```

Reviewer: These are not the appropriate dependencies, compilation, or usages for HTML. Please take a second pass on the documentation here.

# HTML

> An implementation of `hello, world` in HTML programming language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An implementation of `hello, world` in the HTML programming language.
```

## Usage

> Right-click the HTML file click "Open with" Choose your browser like firefox, Google Chrome, brave, ect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right-click `hello.html`, select "Open with", and then choose your browser (i.e. Firefox, Google Chrome, Brave, etc.
```
